pages/events/peachtree-open-2026.md, before:

---
layout: event
title: Peachtree Open 2026
permalink: /events/peachtree-open-2026
event_public: true
date: 2026-03-21
---

![Peachtree Open Event Logo](/assets/img/peachtree-open-2026-logo.png){: height="250" }

The A-Team and [RoboJackets](https://robojackets.org/) are proud to present the Peachtree Open, a spring [RoboCup Small Size League](https://ssl.robocup.org/) tournament.

## Spectators Weclome!

Admission is FREE! Stop by to see exciting robot soccer matches and chat with the folks building the bots. Between matches, we'll have presentations explaining how the robots work and what it takes to make computers understand soccer!

## Event Details

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🗓️</span>\
Saturday\
March 21, 2026\
Times TBA

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🗺️</span>\
Klaus Advanced Computing Building\
Georgia Tech\
266 Ferst Dr NW\
Atlanta, GA 30332

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🚗</span>\
Paid parking available in Georgia Tech [Visitor Parking Zones](https://www.pts.gatech.edu/parking/visitor-parking).

## Participant Information

### Registration

Registration is free for all teams. 

A registration form will be posted here when event registration opens. Check back soon!

<!-- Please fill out the form below to let us know you're interested in attending. -->

<!-- **[Register Here]()** -->

### Tournament Details

We will be playing standard Division B SSL rules.

Vision will be provided by the new [vision processor](https://github.com/TIGERs-Mannheim/vision-processor).

The field surface will be built using [carpet-covered foam tiles](https://www.wesellmats.com/products/10mm-thick-carpet-top-mats?variant=41651261636815). These tend to have higher traction than the usual field surface at the international RoboCup events.

Commit message:

add registration link to webpage

pages/events/peachtree-open-2026.md, after:

---
layout: event
title: Peachtree Open 2026
permalink: /events/peachtree-open-2026
event_public: true
date: 2026-03-21
---

![Peachtree Open Event Logo](/assets/img/peachtree-open-2026-logo.png){: height="250" }

The A-Team and [RoboJackets](https://robojackets.org/) are proud to present the Peachtree Open, a spring [RoboCup Small Size League](https://ssl.robocup.org/) tournament.

## Spectators Weclome!

Admission is FREE! Stop by to see exciting robot soccer matches and chat with the folks building the bots. Between matches, we'll have presentations explaining how the robots work and what it takes to make computers understand soccer!

## Event Details

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🗓️</span>\
Saturday\
March 21, 2026\
Times TBA

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🗺️</span>\
Klaus Advanced Computing Building\
Georgia Tech\
266 Ferst Dr NW\
Atlanta, GA 30332

<span style="font-size: 24px;">🚗</span>\
Paid parking available in Georgia Tech [Visitor Parking Zones](https://www.pts.gatech.edu/parking/visitor-parking).

## Participant Information

### Registration

Registration is free for all teams. 

Please fill out the form below to let us know you're interested in attending.

**[Register Here](https://forms.gle/AQSWeDTNKxKmGVaa7)**

### Tournament Details

We will be playing standard Division B SSL rules.

Vision will be provided by the new [vision processor](https://github.com/TIGERs-Mannheim/vision-processor).

The field surface will be built using [carpet-covered foam tiles](https://www.wesellmats.com/products/10mm-thick-carpet-top-mats?variant=41651261636815). These tend to have higher traction than the usual field surface at the international RoboCup events.
